Docs update pass (#1206)
streamr-dev/hub: app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/frameworkRoles.mdx

import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

# Roles and responsibilities

> Each Data Union has one Admin (owner), and one to many data producing members.

Author: The matemathical notation here was weird but can revert if it was intentional?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Data Union has one Admin (owner), and potentially thousands or even millions of data producing members.
```
Guilty. Trying to be too cool. How about the above suggestion.

Author: Aiming high, even better :)
